# Music-Player
This is a project that creates a music player.  It uses PHP, JS, AJAX, and MySQL to accomplish this.  There are 2 main parts to the project, the login/registration page and then the music player.

The login/registration page will allow the user to either login with their username and password or register for a new account if they are new.  Their data is stored in a MySQL database, and the password is hashed using md5 first before sending storing it into the database.  There is also some error checking implemented to make sure that the data entered is correct which includes checking to see if the email entered is valid along with the normal checking username and password.

The music player page conatins 3 main sections, the side navigation bar, the main display page, and the currently playing bar at the bottom.  In the side navigation bar, there is a search bar, a browse selection which will show a list of all the songs in the website, a your music selection which will show the playlists you currently have as well as an option to create a new playlist, and your name selection which allows you to modify your account details.  In the main display page, it shows that albums if you are currently in browse, the album's songs if you are currently viewing an album, or the search results if you are currently trying to search for an artist, song, or album.  When viewing songs in the main display page, there is an option to add these songs to any of the playlists you currently have.  The currently playing bar will show that currently playing song, as well as the option to pause/play, shuffle, repeat, go to next song, or go to previous song.  
